Archived legacy Bright Technology Ventures marketing copy (no longer used).

--- BEGIN ORIGINAL TEXT ---
Technology Ventures enabled by IoT
Discover the trustful IoT Capital Venture Fund that helps you to transform your business and elevate it to the next level.

Browse our Portfolio

TRUSTWORTHINESS
Bright Technology Ventures B.V., founded in 2018, brings together a team of professionals whose integrity, experience, and commitment to excellence have cemented our reputation as a reliable technology partner.

INNOVATION
The hardware has been in development for multiple years. This has ensured that we have extremely innovative products. In addition, we also continue developing in order to keep up with customer demand and emerging markets.

ABOUT

Bright Technology Ventures B.V., founded in 2018, brings together a team of seasoned professionals whose integrity, experience, and commitment to excellence have cemented our reputation as a reliable technology partner.

About Us

Latest Projects

Discover our latest projects with its goal to disrupt the IoT world in the most positive way possible.

Our Bright Technology Ventures
Discover the trustful IoT Capital Venture Fund that helps you to transform your business and elevate it to the next level.

Connected Load Carrier
Transform your supply chain management with The Travelling Asset Network™. This solution provides top notch asset tracking, advanced data insights, and optimized operational efficiency. Designed to reduce asset loss, support sustainability, and streamline moving asset management.
Explore more

Dutch IoT Solutions
Developing advanced IoT trackers, beacons, and gateways for seamless asset connectivity. Dutch IoT Solutions brings clarity and control to asset management, enhancing operational efficiency. Designed to meet diverse industry needs with reliable, scalable tracking solutions for a connected future.
Explore more

MobioT
Optimizing asset and vehicle tracking with advanced tracking solutions. MobioT delivers relevant location data, increasing security and recovery for valuable assets. With the MobioT Portal, businesses can monitor assets, analyze trends, and improve operational efficiency from one centralized platform.
Explore more

RFID Technology Solutions
Streamline inventory management with RFID technology for visibility and precision. Our solution improves asset tracking accuracy, reduces manual efforts, and enhances operational efficiency. Designed to keep your valuable assets connected, optimized, and secure across all stages.
Explore more

The IoT Provider
Making large-scale IoT deployments accessible and affordable through unified Device, Connectivity, and Data Management. The integrated STELLAR platform simplifies managing data, trackers and connectivity in one dashboard. Allowing businesses to scale seamlessly and leverage valuable insights. Transform your IoT ecosystem into a cost-effective, data-driven powerhouse.

Explore more

10G-Network
Revolutionizing data management across industries by combining IoT technologies for superior data quality. This scalable network infrastructure supports tailored solutions for specific business needs. Built to enhance efficiency, security, and innovation in the IoT industry.
Explore more

© 2025 Bright Technology Ventures. All rights reserved.
Veemarktkade 8 - Office 7202 | 5222 AE 's-Hertogenbosch | The Netherlands
--- END ORIGINAL TEXT ---
